The advancement potential that you have when you're in the military really
depends on the job that you have. So I'm an Electrician's Mate,
nuclear trained. So at the end of six or eight years, many people actually
leave the service, so because that happens there's a wide open
range for people that want to keep progressing, because like the
top is open, so that means that you know they train and then once they
get to that point, because nobody  is ahead of them, then they get
the rate. There's also lots of Electrician's Mates available, like
jobs available. So if you're in a job that has only a few spots available,
like let's say it's a very specific job for a specific ship,
or a job that's really really nice, really comfortable and no one wants
to leave, then that means that those higher positions are staying
there, they don't retire after eight years or ten years, they stay
until twenty. That means that that's gonna block. So it would be helpful
for you to figure out which job you're getting and try to ask
about the advancement potential early on so that you know that you're
in a job that can promote easily and fast.